Fixing Grammatical Mistakes (#4006)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/ui_comp_guide/bk-ui_comps.md

`<your module root dir>/Magento/Ui/etc/ui_definition.xsd`

> {% glossarytooltip 55774db9-bf9d-40f3-83db-b10cc5ae3b68 %}Extension{% endglossarytooltip %} developers cannot extend this XSD scheme and introduce new components but can customize existing ones.

Reviewer: Remove this change/revert to original

### General structure

> In Magento 2, there are basic and secondary UI components.

Reviewer: Remove this change/revert to original

XML is widely used in Magento 2, which allows developers to easily reuse existing functionalities and add customizations.

> Comparing to XML layouts, UI components use more semantical approach to declare and configure the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to XML layouts, UI components use a more semantical approach to declare and configure the user interface.
```

> An instance of a UI component is usually based on the hierarchy of child UI components. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instance of a UI component is usually based on the hierarchy of child UI components.

For example:
```
